Add CAD-MCP to README (#1331)
modelcontextprotocol/servers: README.md

- **[Blender](https://github.com/ahujasid/blender-mcp)** (by ahujasid) - Blender integration allowing prompt enabled 3D scene creation, modeling and manipulation.
- **[browser-use](https://github.com/co-browser/browser-use-mcp-server)** (by co-browser) - browser-use MCP server with dockerized playwright + chromium + vnc. supports stdio & resumable http.
- **[Bsc-mcp](https://github.com/TermiX-official/bsc-mcp)** The first MCP server that serves as the bridge between AI and BNB Chain, enabling AI agents to execute complex on-chain operations through seamless integration with the BNB Chain, including transfer, swap, launch, security check on any token and even more.

> - **[CAD-MCP](https://github.com/daobataotie/CAD-MCP#)** (by daobataotie) - Drawing CAD(Line,Circle,Text,Annotation...) through MCP server, supporting mainstream CAD software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[CAD-MCP](https://github.com/daobataotie/CAD-MCP#)** (by daobataotie) - MCP server for CAD drawing operations (lines, circles, text, annotations) supporting mainstream CAD software.
```
